Warn on HostSelector != nil in TracingPolicyNamespaced (#4896)
cilium/tetragon: docs/content/en/docs/concepts/tracing-policy/k8s-filtering.md

should be applied to host workloads or not. For now this only supports `{}` to match all host workloads
and `null` to match none of the host workloads.

> If `hostSelector` is not `null` in `TracingPolicyNamespaced` users will get a warning and `hostSelector` will be overridden to `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
Since a `TracingPolicyNamespaced` can only apply to Pods within a specific
Kubernetes namespaces, any non-null `hostSelector` will trigger a warning and
and be overriden to `null`.
{{< /note >}}
```

Author: Done
